README.md, before:

# Impact

Impact is a Ruby on Rails 4.2.x application with the following system
dependencies:

* Ruby 2.2.0
* PostgreSQL
* AWS S3
* Redis
* Elasticsearch

## Development

Make sure to set the following ENV variables in a `.env` file:

* `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`
* `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`
* `AWS_S3_BUCKET`
* `AWS_S3_REGION`

See **Setting Up AWS** for more information on acquiring the necessary
credentials.

Ensure the `foreman` gem is installed and start the application with:

`foreman start`

To create all indices for the first time, run:

`rake environment elasticsearch:import:all FORCE=y`

To create a single index for a newly added model `Widget`, run:

`rake environment elasticsearch:import:model CLASS=Widget FORCE=y`

To refresh the indices at a later time, run:

`rake environment elasticsearch:import:all`

## Test

Make sure to set the following ENV variables in a `.env.test` file:

* `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`
* `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`
* `AWS_S3_BUCKET`
* `AWS_S3_REGION`

See **Setting Up AWS** for more information on acquiring the necessary
credentials.

Run the test suite with:

`rake test`

## Staging/Production

Impact is hosted on Heroku. Create a new Heroku app in the standard US region.
This README uses the name `impact-staging`.

Add the following free addons:

* Heroku Postgres
* Heroku PGBackups (auto one-month)
* Memcached Cloud
* Redis To Go
* Bonsai

Open the Heroku application settings and the following config variables:

* `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`
* `AWS_CLOUDFRONT_HOST`
* `AWS_S3_BUCKET`
* `AWS_S3_REGION`
* `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`
* `AWS_SES_SMTP_ADDRESS`
* `AWS_SES_SMTP_PASSWORD`
* `AWS_SES_SMTP_PORT`
* `AWS_SES_SMTP_USERNAME`
* `HOST`
* `REDIS_PROVIDER`
* `SUPPORT_EMAIL`

See **Setting Up AWS** for more information on acquiring the necessary
credentials.

Set `HOST` to the primary application host (e.g. `impact-staging.herokuapp.com` or
`impact-staging.com`)

Set `REDIS_PROVIDER` equal to the value `REDISTOGO_URL`.

Set `SUPPORT_EMAIL` to the desired "from" email field.

Additionally, `SECRET_KEY_BASE` is required, but will automatically be populated
by Heroku.

Once everything is in place, start the application by pushing its repository to
Heroku. From the command line in the application directory, run the following
command to add the remote "heroku" git branch to your local repository:

`heroku git:remote -a impact-staging`

Push the application to Heroku:

`git push heroku master`

Once the push is complete, migrate and seed the database with the initial
catgories list:

```
heroku run rake db:migrate
heroku run rake db:seed
```

Then ensure the indices are created by running:

`rake environment elasticsearch:import:all FORCE=y`

Ensure that a worker dyno is running:

`heroku ps:scale worker=1`

The application is now live. Open the application in your default web browser
with:

`heroku apps:open`

## Setting Up AWS

Impact relies on AWS S3 for uploading images and serving static production
assets.

Each application instance (i.e. "development", "test", "staging", "production")
should reference their own unique database and bucket.

### AWS S3

Following the naming convention used in the Heroku app, create a new AWS S3
bucket in the US East region with the name "impact-staging". Set the
`AWS_S3_REGION` and `AWS_S3_BUCKET` ENV variables to `us-east-1` and
`impact-staging`, respectively.

The bucket CORS policy will also need to modified so that we can perform
presigned client-side posts as well as serve font assets across CDN domains.

Under "Permissions", "Edit CORS Configuration", clear what is present, and paste
the following:

```
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<CORSConfiguration xmlns="http://s3.amazonaws.com/doc/2006-03-01/">
  <CORSRule>
    <AllowedOrigin>http://impact-staging.herokuapp.com</AllowedOrigin>
    <AllowedMethod>GET</AllowedMethod>
    <AllowedMethod>POST</AllowedMethod>
    <AllowedMethod>PUT</AllowedMethod>
    <AllowedHeader>*</AllowedHeader>
  </CORSRule>
  <CORSRule>
    <AllowedOrigin>http://www.impact-staging.com</AllowedOrigin>
    <AllowedMethod>GET</AllowedMethod>
    <AllowedMethod>POST</AllowedMethod>
    <AllowedMethod>PUT</AllowedMethod>
    <AllowedHeader>*</AllowedHeader>
  </CORSRule>
</CORSConfiguration>
```

There should be one `CORSRule` entry for each domain that the application is
expected to be served on.

Navigate to AWS IAM service and add a new user with the name:

`s3-impact-staging`

Make sure to view and copy or download the user credentials.

* "Access Key ID" is the ENV variable "AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID"
* "Secret Access Key" is the ENV variable "AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY"

To enable the newly created user to access the required resources, add a "Inline
Policy" of type "Custom Policy". Name the policy
`allow-all-on-s3-impact-staging` and set the policy document to:

```
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Action": "s3:*",
      "Resource": ["arn:aws:s3:::impact-staging",
                   "arn:aws:s3:::impact-staging/*"]
    }
  ]
}
```

This completes the AWS setup for the "development" and "test" environments.

For "staging" and "production" environments, a Cloudfront distribution and SES
service will also need to be setup.

### AWS Cloudfront

To serve assets from a CDN, create an AWS Cloudfront web distribution. Under
"Origin Domain Name" select the S3 bucket from the dropdown list.

Change the "Forward Headers" option to "Whitelist" and add all three default
headers to the whitelist ("Access-Control-Request-Headers",
"Access-Control-Request-Method", and "Origin").

Create the distribution and record its domain name as the `AWS_CLOUDFRONT_HOST`
ENV variable.

### AWS SES

Finally, Impact uses AWS SES to deliver transactional SMTP email. Navigate to
the US East region of the SES service. Under SMTP settings, record the "Server
Name" field and the "Port" field as the `AWS_SES_SMTP_ADDRESS` and the
`AWS_SES_SMTP_PORT` ENV variables.

Click "Create My SMTP Credentials", "Create" and then record the username and
password as the `AWS_SES_SMTP_USERNAME` and `AWS_SES_SMTP_PASSWORD` ENV
variables.

Finally, ensure that the support email ENV variable is either listed under
"Verified Addresses" or that the email domain is a verified domain.

For best results, "Request Production Access".

## Commit Process

DO NOT COMMIT DIRECTLY TO STAGING OR MASTER

To begin work on IMPACT, checkout the `staging` branch and run `git pull origin
staging` to get a fresh copy of the staging branch.

Checkout a new feature branch, identified by the work you are doing (presumably a
Pivotal Tracker ID#). For example:

`git checkout -b 123456_update_widget`

Ensure all tests pass and commit your changes. Once you have been instructed to
merge your branch into staging, first checkout the `staging` branch and ensure
it is up-to-date: `git pull origin staging`.

Then checkout your feature branch and rebase it against staging:

```
git checkout 123456_update_widget
git rebase staging
```

Now that your feature branch is freshly rebased against the staging branch,
checkout `staging` and merge in your work.

```
git checkout staging
git merge 123456_update_widget
```

There should NOT BE ANY merge conflicts. Push the updated staging branch to
origin:

`git push origin staging`

Commit message:

Update README to reflect change from staging->dev branch

README.md, after:

# Impact

Impact is a Ruby on Rails 4.2.x application with the following system
dependencies:

* Ruby 2.2.0
* PostgreSQL
* AWS S3
* Redis
* Elasticsearch

## Development

Make sure to set the following ENV variables in a `.env` file:

* `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`
* `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`
* `AWS_S3_BUCKET`
* `AWS_S3_REGION`

See **Setting Up AWS** for more information on acquiring the necessary
credentials.

Ensure the `foreman` gem is installed and start the application with:

`foreman start`

To create all indices for the first time, run:

`rake environment elasticsearch:import:all FORCE=y`

To create a single index for a newly added model `Widget`, run:

`rake environment elasticsearch:import:model CLASS=Widget FORCE=y`

To refresh the indices at a later time, run:

`rake environment elasticsearch:import:all`

## Test

Make sure to set the following ENV variables in a `.env.test` file:

* `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`
* `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`
* `AWS_S3_BUCKET`
* `AWS_S3_REGION`

See **Setting Up AWS** for more information on acquiring the necessary
credentials.

Run the test suite with:

`rake test`

## Staging/Production

Impact is hosted on Heroku. Create a new Heroku app in the standard US region.
This README uses the name `impact-staging`.

Add the following free addons:

* Heroku Postgres
* Heroku PGBackups (auto one-month)
* Memcached Cloud
* Redis To Go
* Bonsai

Open the Heroku application settings and the following config variables:

* `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`
* `AWS_CLOUDFRONT_HOST`
* `AWS_S3_BUCKET`
* `AWS_S3_REGION`
* `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`
* `AWS_SES_SMTP_ADDRESS`
* `AWS_SES_SMTP_PASSWORD`
* `AWS_SES_SMTP_PORT`
* `AWS_SES_SMTP_USERNAME`
* `HOST`
* `REDIS_PROVIDER`
* `SUPPORT_EMAIL`

See **Setting Up AWS** for more information on acquiring the necessary
credentials.

Set `HOST` to the primary application host (e.g. `impact-staging.herokuapp.com` or
`impact-staging.com`)

Set `REDIS_PROVIDER` equal to the value `REDISTOGO_URL`.

Set `SUPPORT_EMAIL` to the desired "from" email field.

Additionally, `SECRET_KEY_BASE` is required, but will automatically be populated
by Heroku.

Once everything is in place, start the application by pushing its repository to
Heroku. From the command line in the application directory, run the following
command to add the remote "heroku" git branch to your local repository:

`heroku git:remote -a impact-staging`

Push the application to Heroku:

`git push heroku master`

Once the push is complete, migrate and seed the database with the initial
catgories list:

```
heroku run rake db:migrate
heroku run rake db:seed
```

Then ensure the indices are created by running:

`rake environment elasticsearch:import:all FORCE=y`

Ensure that a worker dyno is running:

`heroku ps:scale worker=1`

The application is now live. Open the application in your default web browser
with:

`heroku apps:open`

## Setting Up AWS

Impact relies on AWS S3 for uploading images and serving static production
assets.

Each application instance (i.e. "development", "test", "staging", "production")
should reference their own unique database and bucket.

### AWS S3

Following the naming convention used in the Heroku app, create a new AWS S3
bucket in the US East region with the name "impact-staging". Set the
`AWS_S3_REGION` and `AWS_S3_BUCKET` ENV variables to `us-east-1` and
`impact-staging`, respectively.

The bucket CORS policy will also need to modified so that we can perform
presigned client-side posts as well as serve font assets across CDN domains.

Under "Permissions", "Edit CORS Configuration", clear what is present, and paste
the following:

```
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<CORSConfiguration xmlns="http://s3.amazonaws.com/doc/2006-03-01/">
  <CORSRule>
    <AllowedOrigin>http://impact-staging.herokuapp.com</AllowedOrigin>
    <AllowedMethod>GET</AllowedMethod>
    <AllowedMethod>POST</AllowedMethod>
    <AllowedMethod>PUT</AllowedMethod>
    <AllowedHeader>*</AllowedHeader>
  </CORSRule>
  <CORSRule>
    <AllowedOrigin>http://www.impact-staging.com</AllowedOrigin>
    <AllowedMethod>GET</AllowedMethod>
    <AllowedMethod>POST</AllowedMethod>
    <AllowedMethod>PUT</AllowedMethod>
    <AllowedHeader>*</AllowedHeader>
  </CORSRule>
</CORSConfiguration>
```

There should be one `CORSRule` entry for each domain that the application is
expected to be served on.

Navigate to AWS IAM service and add a new user with the name:

`s3-impact-staging`

Make sure to view and copy or download the user credentials.

* "Access Key ID" is the ENV variable "AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID"
* "Secret Access Key" is the ENV variable "AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY"

To enable the newly created user to access the required resources, add a "Inline
Policy" of type "Custom Policy". Name the policy
`allow-all-on-s3-impact-staging` and set the policy document to:

```
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Action": "s3:*",
      "Resource": ["arn:aws:s3:::impact-staging",
                   "arn:aws:s3:::impact-staging/*"]
    }
  ]
}
```

This completes the AWS setup for the "development" and "test" environments.

For "staging" and "production" environments, a Cloudfront distribution and SES
service will also need to be setup.

### AWS Cloudfront

To serve assets from a CDN, create an AWS Cloudfront web distribution. Under
"Origin Domain Name" select the S3 bucket from the dropdown list.

Change the "Forward Headers" option to "Whitelist" and add all three default
headers to the whitelist ("Access-Control-Request-Headers",
"Access-Control-Request-Method", and "Origin").

Create the distribution and record its domain name as the `AWS_CLOUDFRONT_HOST`
ENV variable.

### AWS SES

Finally, Impact uses AWS SES to deliver transactional SMTP email. Navigate to
the US East region of the SES service. Under SMTP settings, record the "Server
Name" field and the "Port" field as the `AWS_SES_SMTP_ADDRESS` and the
`AWS_SES_SMTP_PORT` ENV variables.

Click "Create My SMTP Credentials", "Create" and then record the username and
password as the `AWS_SES_SMTP_USERNAME` and `AWS_SES_SMTP_PASSWORD` ENV
variables.

Finally, ensure that the support email ENV variable is either listed under
"Verified Addresses" or that the email domain is a verified domain.

For best results, "Request Production Access".

## Commit Process

DO NOT COMMIT DIRECTLY TO DEV OR MASTER

To begin work on IMPACT, checkout the `dev` branch and run `git pull origin dev`
to get a fresh copy of the dev branch.

Checkout a new feature branch, identified by the work you are doing (presumably a
Pivotal Tracker ID#). For example:

`git checkout -b 123456_update_widget`

Ensure all tests pass and commit your changes. Once you have been instructed to
merge your branch into dev, first checkout the `dev` branch and ensure it is
up-to-date: `git pull origin dev`.

Then checkout your feature branch and rebase it against dev:

```
git checkout 123456_update_widget
git rebase dev
```

Now that your feature branch is freshly rebased against the dev branch, checkout
`dev` and merge in your work.

```
git checkout dev
git merge 123456_update_widget
```

There should NOT BE ANY merge conflicts. Push the updated dev branch to origin:

`git push origin dev`
